From:	Joseph Haddad
Sent:	Wednesday, February 22, 2023 9:26 AM
To:	Joseph Haddad
Subject:	wp
Attachments:	create-block-theme.zip


Advanced custom fields
Cloudflare
Create-block-theme
Custom css js
Custom post type ui
Editorplus
Essential blocks
Getwid
Ghostkit
Material design
Meta box
Pods
Twentig
Worth the read
Wp file manager
Editorplus
Wpcode



Best regards,
 
 
Joseph H. Haddad
 
 
Meidinger Tower, 22nd Floor 
462 S. Fourth St. 
Louisville, KY  40202 
Direct: 502.371.3504 | Office: 502.584.7400 | Fax: 502.371.9204 
E-mail: haddad@derbycitylaw.com
Website: www.derbycitylaw.com
 
 
This message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain 
information that is legally privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that 
any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message, or any attachment, is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this message in error, 
please notify the original sender or the Law Office of Seiller Waterman LLC (502-584-7400) immediately by telephone or by return E-mail and 
delete this message, along with any attachments, from your computer.

WARNING:  ***WIRE FRAUD ADVISORY***
All parties to financial transactions are targets for wire fraud, e-mail hacking, and phishing attacks.  If funds are to be wired in conjunction with a 
transaction involving Seiller Waterman LLC, verbally verify wire instructions through a known, trusted phone number prior to sending funds. If 
you are unsure about a phone number, use www.derbycitylaw.com to verify.  Do NOT call the phone number provided in the e-mail containing 
the instructions, rather use phone numbers you have called before or can otherwise verify.  Beware of wire instructions received from any party to 
a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to attorneys, closing/title agents, lenders, realtors, buyers, and sellers.  Seiller Waterman LLC is 
not responsible for any wires sent by you to an incorrect bank account.

